AAP-50389-FIXED: Add Vault content to HashiCorp Getting Started guide (#4242)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/vault-aap/con-vault-intro.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="vault-intro"]

= Introduction

[role="_abstract"]

{Vault} lets you centrally store and manage secrets securely. The {PlatformNameShort} certified `hashicorp.vault` collection provides fully automated Key/Value V2 (KV2) secret lifecycle management for Vault. You can create, update, and delete secrets through playbooks.

* **Existing `community.hashi_vault` users:** The `hashicorp.vault` solution is intended to replace unsupported `community.hashi_vault` collection. Use the migration path to keep your existing playbooks. For more information about migrating, see _Migrating from `community.hashi_vault`_.

> * **New {Vault} users:** The `hashicorp.vault` collection is included in the supported execution environment from Ansible automation hub.

Reviewer: Missing attribute for Hub

```suggestion
* **New {Vault} users:** The `hashicorp.vault` collection is included in the supported execution environment from {HubName}.
```
